modules/app-ui/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# app-ui Terraform module

This module deploys a Kubernetes Deployment and Service running the Anaml frontend UI web application.

## Terminating SSL inside the pod
By default Anaml UI uses plain HTTP and delegates SSL termination to Kubernetes Ingress.

If you wish to terminate SSL inside the pod, you should:

1) Create a Kubernetes Secret containing the SSL certificate and key in PEM format with the names "tls.crt" for the certificate and "tls.key" for the key, either using Terraform or kubectl. Below is an example using kubectl.
```
kubectl create secret generic anaml-ui-ssl-certs \
  --from-file=tls.crt=./tls.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=./tls.key
```
2) Specify the secret using the `kubernetes_secret_ssl` anaml-ui Terraform module parameter.

### Notes:
If you do not wish to use the filenames `tls.crt` and `tls.secret` you can use the `kubernetes_deployment_container_env` anaml-ui Terraform module parameter setting `NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE` and `NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE_KEY` with the path `/certificates/MY_FILENAME` respectively where MY\_FILENAME is your new name. I.e.

```
kubernetes_deployment_container_env = {
  NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE: "/certificates/anaml.crt",
  NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE_KEY: "/certificates/anaml.key"
}

```

## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.1)

- <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (>= 2.2.1)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

- <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) (>= 2.2.1)

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [kubernetes_deployment.anaml_ui](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) (resource)
- [kubernetes_service.anaml_ui](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/service) (resource)
- [random_uuid.deployment_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)

## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_anaml_server_url"></a> [anaml\_server\_url](#input\_anaml\_server\_url)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_anaml_ui_version"></a> [anaml\_ui\_version](#input\_anaml\_ui\_version)

Description: The version of anaml-ui to deploy

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_container_registry"></a> [container\_registry](#input\_container\_registry)

Description: The container registry to use to fetch the anaml-ui container

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_docs_url"></a> [docs\_url](#input\_docs\_url)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_spark_history_server_url"></a> [spark\_history\_server\_url](#input\_spark\_history\_server\_url)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_basepath"></a> [basepath](#input\_basepath)

Description: The root path used for UI ingress, defaults to '/'. You will need to change this if running the UI on a subpath

Type: `string`

Default: `"/"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_container_env"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_container\_env](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_container\_env)

Description: (Optional) Additional environment values to pass through to the anaml-ui container. This is useful if you want to use SSL and change the default certificate paths using`NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE` and `NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE_KEY`

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_labels"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_labels](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_labels)

Description: Additional labels to add to Kubernetes deployment

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_name"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_name](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_name)

Description: (Optional) Name of the deployment, must be unique. Cannot be updated. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names)

Type: `string`

Default: `"anaml-ui"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_replicas"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas)

Description: (Optional) The number of desired replicas. This attribute is a string to be able to distinguish between explicit zero and not specified. Defaults to 1. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#scaling-a-deployment)

Type: `string`

Default: `"1"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_image_pull_policy"></a> [kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy](#input\_kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy)

Description:  (Optional) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if `anaml_ui_version` is set to`latest`, or IfNotPresent otherwise. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/images#updating-images)

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_namespace"></a> [kubernetes\_namespace](#input\_kubernetes\_namespace)

Description: (Optional) Namespace defines the space within which name of the deployment must be unique.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_node_selector"></a> [kubernetes\_node\_selector](#input\_kubernetes\_node\_selector)

Description: (Optional) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/node-selection).

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_secret_ssl"></a> [kubernetes\_secret\_ssl](#input\_kubernetes\_secret\_ssl)

Description: (Optional) The name of the Kubernetes secret cotaining `tls.cert` and `tls.key` if you wish to terminate SSL inside the pod

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_annotations"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_annotations](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_annotations)

Description: (Optional) An unstructured key value map stored with the service that may be used to store arbitrary metadata.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_type"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_type](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_type)

Description: (Optional) Determines how the service is exposed. Defaults to `ClusterIP`. Valid options are `ExternalName`, `ClusterIP`, `NodePort`, and `LoadBalancer`. `ExternalName` maps to the specified external\_name. For more info see [ Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/services#overview)

Type: `string`

Default: `"ClusterIP"`

### <a name="input_skin"></a> [skin](#input\_skin)

Description: The skin to use

Type: `string`

Default: `"anaml"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_internal_url"></a> [internal\_url](#output\_internal\_url)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_name"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_name](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_name)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_port_name"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_port\_name](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_port\_name)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_port_number"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_port\_number](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_port\_number)

Description: n/a
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

anaml-ui language variable tweaks
* Added validation in anaml-ui
* Removed default value in anaml-app so it passes through and uses the anaml-ui default value

modules/app-ui/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# app-ui Terraform module

This module deploys a Kubernetes Deployment and Service running the Anaml frontend UI web application.

## Terminating SSL inside the pod
By default Anaml UI uses plain HTTP and delegates SSL termination to Kubernetes Ingress.

If you wish to terminate SSL inside the pod, you should:

1) Create a Kubernetes Secret containing the SSL certificate and key in PEM format with the names "tls.crt" for the certificate and "tls.key" for the key, either using Terraform or kubectl. Below is an example using kubectl.
```
kubectl create secret generic anaml-ui-ssl-certs \
  --from-file=tls.crt=./tls.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=./tls.key
```
2) Specify the secret using the `kubernetes_secret_ssl` anaml-ui Terraform module parameter.

### Notes:
If you do not wish to use the filenames `tls.crt` and `tls.secret` you can use the `kubernetes_deployment_container_env` anaml-ui Terraform module parameter setting `NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE` and `NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE_KEY` with the path `/certificates/MY_FILENAME` respectively where MY\_FILENAME is your new name. I.e.

```
kubernetes_deployment_container_env = {
  NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE: "/certificates/anaml.crt",
  NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE_KEY: "/certificates/anaml.key"
}

```

## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.1)

- <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (>= 2.2.1)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

- <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) (>= 2.2.1)

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [kubernetes_deployment.anaml_ui](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) (resource)
- [kubernetes_service.anaml_ui](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/service) (resource)
- [random_uuid.deployment_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)

## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_anaml_server_url"></a> [anaml\_server\_url](#input\_anaml\_server\_url)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_anaml_ui_version"></a> [anaml\_ui\_version](#input\_anaml\_ui\_version)

Description: The version of anaml-ui to deploy

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_container_registry"></a> [container\_registry](#input\_container\_registry)

Description: The container registry to use to fetch the anaml-ui container

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_docs_url"></a> [docs\_url](#input\_docs\_url)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_spark_history_server_url"></a> [spark\_history\_server\_url](#input\_spark\_history\_server\_url)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_basepath"></a> [basepath](#input\_basepath)

Description: The root path used for UI ingress, defaults to '/'. You will need to change this if running the UI on a subpath

Type: `string`

Default: `"/"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_container_env"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_container\_env](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_container\_env)

Description: (Optional) Additional environment values to pass through to the anaml-ui container. This is useful if you want to use SSL and change the default certificate paths using`NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE` and `NGINX_SSL_CERTIFICATE_KEY`

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_labels"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_labels](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_labels)

Description: Additional labels to add to Kubernetes deployment

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_name"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_name](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_name)

Description: (Optional) Name of the deployment, must be unique. Cannot be updated. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names)

Type: `string`

Default: `"anaml-ui"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_replicas"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas)

Description: (Optional) The number of desired replicas. This attribute is a string to be able to distinguish between explicit zero and not specified. Defaults to 1. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#scaling-a-deployment)

Type: `string`

Default: `"1"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_image_pull_policy"></a> [kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy](#input\_kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy)

Description:  (Optional) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if `anaml_ui_version` is set to`latest`, or IfNotPresent otherwise. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/images#updating-images)

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_namespace"></a> [kubernetes\_namespace](#input\_kubernetes\_namespace)

Description: (Optional) Namespace defines the space within which name of the deployment must be unique.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_node_selector"></a> [kubernetes\_node\_selector](#input\_kubernetes\_node\_selector)

Description: (Optional) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/node-selection).

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_secret_ssl"></a> [kubernetes\_secret\_ssl](#input\_kubernetes\_secret\_ssl)

Description: (Optional) The name of the Kubernetes secret cotaining `tls.cert` and `tls.key` if you wish to terminate SSL inside the pod

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_annotations"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_annotations](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_annotations)

Description: (Optional) An unstructured key value map stored with the service that may be used to store arbitrary metadata.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_type"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_type](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_type)

Description: (Optional) Determines how the service is exposed. Defaults to `ClusterIP`. Valid options are `ExternalName`, `ClusterIP`, `NodePort`, and `LoadBalancer`. `ExternalName` maps to the specified external\_name. For more info see [ Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/services#overview)

Type: `string`

Default: `"ClusterIP"`

### <a name="input_language"></a> [language](#input\_language)

Description: Sets the terminology to use in the UI [attribute|feature]

Type: `string`

Default: `"feature"`

### <a name="input_skin"></a> [skin](#input\_skin)

Description: The skin to use

Type: `string`

Default: `"anaml"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_internal_url"></a> [internal\_url](#output\_internal\_url)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_name"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_name](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_name)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_port_name"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_port\_name](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_port\_name)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_port_number"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_port\_number](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_port\_number)

Description: n/a
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
