modules/app-route-not-found-service/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# app-routing-not-found service

> :warning: It's likely you do not want to deploy this!

## What is app-routing-not-found service?
anaml-routing-not-found service is primarily used in a multi host hosting environment where we want to serve a branded "404 Page Not Found" when a route does not match.

This is mainly used internally for deployments that use a shared Google Global Loadbalancer that requires a default service backend for route misses to server multiple Anaml deployments running off a single Kubernetes cluster.

## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.1)

- <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [kubernetes_deployment.anaml_route_not_found_service](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) (resource)
- [kubernetes_service.anaml_route_not_found_service](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/service) (resource)

## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_kubernetes_namespace_name"></a> [kubernetes\_namespace\_name](#input\_kubernetes\_namespace\_name)

Description: Kubernetes namespace to deploy to. This should be set if create\_anaml\_namespace is false

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_anaml_route_not_found_service_version"></a> [anaml\_route\_not\_found\_service\_version](#input\_anaml\_route\_not\_found\_service\_version)

Description: The version of anaml-route-not-found-service to deploy

Type: `string`

Default: `"v0.3"`

### <a name="input_container_registry"></a> [container\_registry](#input\_container\_registry)

Description: The container registry to use to fetch the anaml\_route\_not\_found\_service\_version container

Type: `string`

Default: `"gcr.io/anaml-release-artifacts"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_labels"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_labels](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_labels)

Description: Kubernetes labels to set if any. These values will be merged with the defaults

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_name"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_name](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_name)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

Default: `"anaml-route-not-found-service"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_replicas"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas)

Description: n/a

Type: `number`

Default: `1`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_image_pull_policy"></a> [kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy](#input\_kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy)

Description:  (Optional) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if `anaml_route_not_found_service_version` is set to`latest`, or IfNotPresent otherwise. Cannot be updated. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/images#updating-images)

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_node_selector"></a> [kubernetes\_node\_selector](#input\_kubernetes\_node\_selector)

Description: n/a

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_annotations"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_annotations](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_annotations)

Description: Kubernetes service annotations to set if any

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_type"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_type](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_type)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

Default: `"ClusterIP"`

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Standardized the kubernetes_service_type variables/docs

modules/app-route-not-found-service/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# app-routing-not-found service

> :warning: It's likely you do not want to deploy this!

## What is app-routing-not-found service?
anaml-routing-not-found service is primarily used in a multi host hosting environment where we want to serve a branded "404 Page Not Found" when a route does not match.

This is mainly used internally for deployments that use a shared Google Global Loadbalancer that requires a default service backend for route misses to server multiple Anaml deployments running off a single Kubernetes cluster.

## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.1)

- <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [kubernetes_deployment.anaml_route_not_found_service](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) (resource)
- [kubernetes_service.anaml_route_not_found_service](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/service) (resource)

## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_kubernetes_namespace_name"></a> [kubernetes\_namespace\_name](#input\_kubernetes\_namespace\_name)

Description: Kubernetes namespace to deploy to. This should be set if create\_anaml\_namespace is false

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_anaml_route_not_found_service_version"></a> [anaml\_route\_not\_found\_service\_version](#input\_anaml\_route\_not\_found\_service\_version)

Description: The version of anaml-route-not-found-service to deploy

Type: `string`

Default: `"v0.3"`

### <a name="input_container_registry"></a> [container\_registry](#input\_container\_registry)

Description: The container registry to use to fetch the anaml\_route\_not\_found\_service\_version container

Type: `string`

Default: `"gcr.io/anaml-release-artifacts"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_labels"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_labels](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_labels)

Description: Kubernetes labels to set if any. These values will be merged with the defaults

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_name"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_name](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_name)

Description: n/a

Type: `string`

Default: `"anaml-route-not-found-service"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_replicas"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas)

Description: n/a

Type: `number`

Default: `1`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_image_pull_policy"></a> [kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy](#input\_kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy)

Description:  (Optional) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if `anaml_route_not_found_service_version` is set to`latest`, or IfNotPresent otherwise. Cannot be updated. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/images#updating-images)

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_node_selector"></a> [kubernetes\_node\_selector](#input\_kubernetes\_node\_selector)

Description: n/a

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_annotations"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_annotations](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_annotations)

Description: Kubernetes service annotations to set if any

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_type"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_type](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_type)

Description: (Optional) Determines how the service is exposed. Defaults to `ClusterIP`. Valid options are `ExternalName`, `ClusterIP`, `NodePort`, and `LoadBalancer`. `ExternalName` maps to the specified external\_name. For more info see [ Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/services#overview)

Type: `string`

Default: `"ClusterIP"`

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
