modules/app-docs/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# app-docs Terraform module

The app-docs Terraform module deploys a Kubernetes Deployment and Service exposing the Anaml help documentation website.

## Terminating SSL inside the pod
By default Anaml Docs uses plain HTTP and delegates SSL termination to Kubernetes Ingress.

If you wish to terminate SSL inside the pod, you should:

1) Create a Kubernetes Secret containing the SSL certificate and key in PEM format with the names "tls.crt" for the certificate and "tls.key" for the key, either using Terraform or kubectl. Below is an example using kubectl.
```
kubectl create secret generic anaml-ui-ssl-certs \
  --from-file=tls.crt=./tls.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=./tls.key
```

## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.1)

- <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [kubernetes_deployment.anaml_docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) (resource)
- [kubernetes_service.anaml_docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/service) (resource)

## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_anaml_docs_version"></a> [anaml\_docs\_version](#input\_anaml\_docs\_version)

Description: The version of anaml-docs to deploy. I.E. "v0.6" or "latest".

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_container_registry"></a> [container\_registry](#input\_container\_registry)

Description: The container registry to use to fetch the anaml-docs container. I.E. "australia-southeast1-docker.pkg.dev/anaml-release-artifacts/docker"

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_hostname"></a> [hostname](#input\_hostname)

Description: The external/public hostname to use for UI links. I.E. "anaml.example.com"

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_labels"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_labels](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_labels)

Description: Kubernetes labels to set if any. These values will be merged with the defaults

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_name"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_name](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_name)

Description: (Optional) Name of the deployment, must be unique. Cannot be updated. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names)

Type: `string`

Default: `"anaml-docs"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_replicas"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas)

Description: (Optional) The number of desired replicas. This attribute is a string to be able to distinguish between explicit zero and not specified. Defaults to 1. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#scaling-a-deployment)

Type: `string`

Default: `"1"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_image_pull_policy"></a> [kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy](#input\_kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy)

Description:  (Optional) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if `anaml_docs_version` is set to`latest`, or IfNotPresent otherwise. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/images#updating-images)

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_namespace"></a> [kubernetes\_namespace](#input\_kubernetes\_namespace)

Description: (Optional) Namespace defines the space within which name of the deployment must be unique.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_node_selector"></a> [kubernetes\_node\_selector](#input\_kubernetes\_node\_selector)

Description: (Optional) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/node-selection).

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_secret_ssl"></a> [kubernetes\_secret\_ssl](#input\_kubernetes\_secret\_ssl)

Description: (Optional) The name of the Kubernetes secret cotaining `tls.cert` and `tls.key` if you wish to terminate SSL inside the pod

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_annotations"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_annotations](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_annotations)

Description: (Optional) An unstructured key value map stored with the service that may be used to store arbitrary metadata.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_type"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_type](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_type)

Description: (Optional) Determines how the service is exposed. Defaults to `ClusterIP`. Valid options are `ExternalName`, `ClusterIP`, `NodePort`, and `LoadBalancer`. `ExternalName` maps to the specified external\_name. For more info see [ Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/services#overview)

Type: `string`

Default: `"ClusterIP"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_internal_url"></a> [internal\_url](#output\_internal\_url)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_name"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_name](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_name)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_port_name"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_port\_name](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_port\_name)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_port_number"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_port\_number](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_port\_number)

Description: n/a
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Added rebrand / skin option to anaml-docs

modules/app-docs/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# app-docs Terraform module

The app-docs Terraform module deploys a Kubernetes Deployment and Service exposing the Anaml help documentation website.

## Terminating SSL inside the pod
By default Anaml Docs uses plain HTTP and delegates SSL termination to Kubernetes Ingress.

If you wish to terminate SSL inside the pod, you should:

1) Create a Kubernetes Secret containing the SSL certificate and key in PEM format with the names "tls.crt" for the certificate and "tls.key" for the key, either using Terraform or kubectl. Below is an example using kubectl.
```
kubectl create secret generic anaml-ui-ssl-certs \
  --from-file=tls.crt=./tls.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=./tls.key
```

## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.1)

- <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) (~> 2.11)

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [kubernetes_deployment.anaml_docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) (resource)
- [kubernetes_service.anaml_docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/service) (resource)

## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_anaml_docs_version"></a> [anaml\_docs\_version](#input\_anaml\_docs\_version)

Description: The version of anaml-docs to deploy. I.E. "v0.6" or "latest".

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_container_registry"></a> [container\_registry](#input\_container\_registry)

Description: The container registry to use to fetch the anaml-docs container. I.E. "australia-southeast1-docker.pkg.dev/anaml-release-artifacts/docker"

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_hostname"></a> [hostname](#input\_hostname)

Description: The external/public hostname to use for UI links. I.E. "anaml.example.com"

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_labels"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_labels](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_labels)

Description: Kubernetes labels to set if any. These values will be merged with the defaults

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_name"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_name](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_name)

Description: (Optional) Name of the deployment, must be unique. Cannot be updated. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names)

Type: `string`

Default: `"anaml-docs"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_deployment_replicas"></a> [kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas](#input\_kubernetes\_deployment\_replicas)

Description: (Optional) The number of desired replicas. This attribute is a string to be able to distinguish between explicit zero and not specified. Defaults to 1. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#scaling-a-deployment)

Type: `string`

Default: `"1"`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_image_pull_policy"></a> [kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy](#input\_kubernetes\_image\_pull\_policy)

Description:  (Optional) Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. Defaults to Always if `anaml_docs_version` is set to`latest`, or IfNotPresent otherwise. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/images#updating-images)

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_namespace"></a> [kubernetes\_namespace](#input\_kubernetes\_namespace)

Description: (Optional) Namespace defines the space within which name of the deployment must be unique.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_node_selector"></a> [kubernetes\_node\_selector](#input\_kubernetes\_node\_selector)

Description: (Optional) NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/node-selection).

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_secret_ssl"></a> [kubernetes\_secret\_ssl](#input\_kubernetes\_secret\_ssl)

Description: (Optional) The name of the Kubernetes secret cotaining `tls.cert` and `tls.key` if you wish to terminate SSL inside the pod

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_annotations"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_annotations](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_annotations)

Description: (Optional) An unstructured key value map stored with the service that may be used to store arbitrary metadata.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_kubernetes_service_type"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_type](#input\_kubernetes\_service\_type)

Description: (Optional) Determines how the service is exposed. Defaults to `ClusterIP`. Valid options are `ExternalName`, `ClusterIP`, `NodePort`, and `LoadBalancer`. `ExternalName` maps to the specified external\_name. For more info see [ Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/services#overview)

Type: `string`

Default: `"ClusterIP"`

### <a name="input_rebrand"></a> [rebrand](#input\_rebrand)

Description: (Optional) This value selects the skin/theme to use

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_internal_url"></a> [internal\_url](#output\_internal\_url)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_name"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_name](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_name)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_port_name"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_port\_name](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_port\_name)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_kubernetes_service_port_number"></a> [kubernetes\_service\_port\_number](#output\_kubernetes\_service\_port\_number)

Description: n/a
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
